The
pig couple was taking a nap in the field.
The pig of the husband woke up and went to the pig of the wife.
The dream I saw now was a scary dream.
I and you were killed and the
pig of the wife was killed.
The pig of the husband woke up and the
I and you were killed and the
pig of the wife was killed.
The place I slept until now was
a vegetable field.
That is why we humans do not sleep in the afternoon.
We all have to work hard to make our lives easier.
I'm walking in the city,
There are people who sell treasure
How about you?
How about you sell a 1 million yen
lottery for a small but fun
house and a fun house?
1 million yen for 30 yen
I think it's better to buy it if it's
always right, but
I don't buy it much
I think so
A beautiful woman is passing
I'm wearing a purple kimono
The purple kimono has
a pattern of white people
on it
On the back, the old town of
Umi-shiemonaro
It says that the smell will
be painted on the back of the
house today
I don't have to go there
It's good to be beautiful
It's probably a bath
It's good to go to the bath
I'm in trouble because
I'm in trouble
I need a good mood when I go to the bath
Even if I lose my body
I don't want to disappear
Hey, it's black, so give me a bath
I'm a lazy guy
I'm going barefoot
I'm a woman when I go home
I'm going to go to the music group
so that I don't do that
Hey, hey, I'm not going in
I'm not going in
Thank you
Hey, hey, hey
Hello, I'm not a movie star
Please be quiet
Hello, old man, I'm a woman
Please wait over there
Is it enough?
It's not enough
I'm in trouble
Thank you
I think you haven't
received money yet
Give me
I can't be a joke
I don't think you've received it
There's no way I'll give you
If you don't want it, I don't want it
Give me
I'm doing it every day
Every day
I've been doing it for three years
I think a great person is coming to my house